today we're going to make a rocket slide
using white vinegar and bicarbonate of
soda now firstly to make your rocket
you're gonna need some card some
scissors some sellotape or glue the film
canister a piece of tissue and anything
you want to decorate your rocket and of
course for the rocket fuel you'll need
bicarbonate soda and white vinegar
now to start making your object cut
small rectangular piece out of the card
then you're going to wrap it around your
film canister so now you've made achieve
with a film canister at the bottom now
we're gonna make the nose of the rocket
to do that you need to cut a circular
piece of card and then could a triangle
out of the middle then wrap it round
to make the note
stick it to the top of your team
next to make the fins of your rocket you
need to cut them out of a card
then you need three of them to stick to
the base of the rocket to keep it stable
in true Blue Peter style is one we've
made earlier now you can decorate your
rocket in any way you want
we've used starry stickers and some
glitter glue fill it up with a little
bit of the white vinegar
next take the piece of tissue you have
we place it over the film canister and
make a little bit of a well for the
bicarbonate of soda to go into but make
sure you don't touch the white vinegar
with it
my karma soda into the rhodium rain
once the links on the canister you can
rip the tissue from around the base just
to make it a little bit neater okay now
your rocket is ready to fly once you're
off it's very nice and it's a bit upside
down Richard launch